Add missing information about layouts and activation (#1271)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: mppm/virtual-players/virtual-players-layout.md

---
id: virtual-players-layout
title: Change the layout of a Virtual Player
description: Learn how to change the layout of a Vrtual Player window.
---

You can display and use the following parts of the [Unity Interface](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UsingTheEditor.html) in a Virtual Player:
- [Console](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/Console.html)
- [Game](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/GameView.html)
- [Hierarchy](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/Hierarchy.html)
- [Inspector](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UsingTheInspector.html)

> - [Scene](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UsingTheSceneView.html)

Reviewer: Can we also add here that the PlayMode Tools window is available also both in and out of playmode if they have the netcode for entities package installed and then we can link to the documentation we put about that window

note:::

> When you exit Play Mode in the Editor, Unity disables the Hierarchy, Inspector, and Scene views in the virtual player window.

Reviewer: Since people typically launch the virtual players starting in edit mode and usually enter playmode , maybe we should reword this to say that Hierarcy , Inspector and Scene View are only available when you enter playmode or are in playmode.

---
id: virtual-players-layout
title: Change the layout of a Virtual Player

> description: Learn how to change the layout of a Vrtual Player window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to change the layout of a Virtual Player window.
```

---

> You can display and use the following parts of the [Unity Interface](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UsingTheEditor.html) in a Virtual Player:

Reviewer 2: Do you need a blank line between the paragraph and the list for it to render correctly?

Reviewer 2: How about something like "The Virtual Player can display the following parts of the Unity Interface"? That you can use them once they're displayed is, I think, obvious.

- [Console](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/Console.html)
- [Game](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/GameView.html)
- [Hierarchy](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/Hierarchy.html)
- [Inspector](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UsingTheInspector.html)
- [Scene](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UsingTheSceneView.html)
- [PlayMode Tools](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.netcode@1.2/manual/playmode-tool.html). This Window only appears in projects that use Netcode for Entities.

:::note

> You can only use the Hierarchy, Inspector, and Scene windows when you enter Play Mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can only use the Hierarchy, Inspector, and Scene windows in Play Mode.
```

:::

## Display a window in a virtual player

To display a window in a Virtual Player, perform the following actions: 

1. [Activate](../virtual-players/virtual-players-enable) a Virtual Player.

> 2. Select the **Layout** drop down.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Select the **Layout** dropdown.
```

Reviewer 2: https://docs-style-guide.unity.com/terminology/user-interface/ui-symbols dropdown is a single word

> 3. Check the box next to the window(s) you want to appear in this Virtual Player.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Select the box next to the window(s) you want to appear in this Virtual Player.
```

Reviewer 2: Can it be "you want to add to this Virtual Player"?

4. Select **Apply**.

## Hide a window in a virtual player

To hide a window in a Virtual Player, perform the following actions: 

> 1. [Activate](../virtual-players/virtual-players-enable) a Virtual Player.

Reviewer 2: "a" virtual player, or is it "the" at this point, because it already exists?

Author: Unity creates the virtual player when you activate it - it doesn't exist until you do that so "a" is correct :)

> 2. Select the **Layout** drop down.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Select the **Layout** dropdown.
```

> 3. Select the checked box next to the window(s) you want to hide in this Virtual Player.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Deselect the checked box next to the window(s) you want to hide in this Virtual Player.
```

Reviewer 2: https://docs-style-guide.unity.com/terminology/terminology-list#d

Author: Thank you!
